Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
KEEP AN EYE ON
LITTLE YUGI'S FRIENDS,
MY RARE HUNTERS.
I'LL BE NEEDING
ALL OF THEM VERY SHORTLY.
Tea: LOOK, GUYS.
ISN'T THAT MAKO TSUNAMI?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
HOP OFF SHAMU,
AND LET'S DUEL!
SO I PLAY UMI!
RAISE THE WATER LEVEL
OF THIS FIELD.
FOR I HAVE
A SECRET WEAPON
GUARANTEED
TO DESTROY HIM,
AND IT WAITS
IN THE DEPTHS
OF MY OCEAN DECK.
GIVE ME
YOUR MILLENNIUM ITEM,
AND YOU MAY PASS BY.
YOU CAN HAVE
MY MILLENNIUM ROD,
BUT BEFORE I
HAND IT OVER,
YOU HAVE TO DO
SOMETHING FOR ME.
WHY SHOULD I HELP?
BECAUSE I KNOW
THE WHEREABOUTS
OFSEVERALOF
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
PERHAPS THERE IS A WAY
WE CAN WORK TOGETHER.
WITH OUR COMBINED
POWER,
NO ONE
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
WILL BE ABLE
TO STOP US!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪♪
[CROWD CHEERING]
Mako:
IT WON'T BE LONG
BEFORE I TAKEYOUR
TWO LOCATOR CARDS
STRAIGHT
TO THE FINALS!
Joey: THOSE ARE
PRETTY BIG WORDS
COMIN' FROM A GUY
WITH NO MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD!
Joey: AND NOW
I CAN HIT YA WHERE
ITREALLYCOUNTS:
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
HA! REMEMBER, I'VE COVERED
THE PLAYING FIELD
WITH OCEAN WATER,
GIVING ME
THE UPPER HAND!
Joey: IF YOU THINK
JOEY WHEELER'S AFRAID
OF A FEW DROPS OF WATER,
GUESS AGAIN,
YA BIG SARDINE!
NOW HOLD ON TO YOUR
SWIM TRUNKS WHILE I GO.
[THINKING]
YEAH, BABY!
THIS LITTLE NUMBER'S
EXACTLY WHAT I NEED
TO HARPOON THIS WHALE!
ALL RIGHT, MAKO,
BRACE YOURSELF,
'CAUSE I'M ABOUT TO
BITE A SERIOUS CHUNK
OUTTA YOUR LIFE POINTS!
Mako: I'D LIKE TO
SEE YOU TRY, LAND LOVER!
DON'T SAY
I DIDN'T WARN YA!
I SUMMON BABY DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE.
HUH. A BABY?!
I'D SUGGEST GETTING A
LIFE PRESERVER FOR HIM!
HE MAY NOT
BE STRONG NOW,
BUT I'LL USE
POLYMERIZATION
TO FUSE MY TWO
MONSTERS TOGETHER!
SAY "HI" TO
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
DRAGON!
BATTLE CITY RULES
STATE FUSION MONSTERS
MUST WAIT ONE TURN
BEFORE ATTACKING!
I KNOW THAT,
AQUA BOY.
THAT'S WHY I PLAN TO
SINK YOU IN MY NEXT TURN.
THINK YA CAN WAIT?
HMM. MAKO WAITS
FOR NOBODY.
NOW THE TIDES
SHALL TURN,
AS I SUMMON A MONSTER
AND HIDE IT IN THE DEEP!
SHOW ME YOUR
UNDERWATER MONSTER!
MY BEAST WILL SHOWITSELF
WHEN THE TIME ARRIVES!
JOEY'S CHUM IF HE
DOESN'T FIND OUT
WHAT'S LURKING
BENEATH THOSE WAVES!
I KNOW...
[THINKING]
MAKO'S SEA MONSTER
COULD BEANYTHING.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF IT'S IN ATTACK
OR DEFENSE MODE!
FEAR WHAT YOU
CANNOT SEE!
THE OCEAN HIDES ALL!
[GROANING]
YEAH, WELL, IF YOUR LITTLE
CHICKEN OF THE SEA
IS GONNA HIDE,
THEN I GUESS
MY ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
DRAGON'LL JUST HAVE
TO FLY OVER IT!
SO, TAKE OFF, GUYS.
OH!
AND NOW IT'S TIME
FOR MY DRAGON
TO TAKE A LITTLE
NOSE DIVE
RIGHT INTO
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
ATTACK!
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
ALL RIGHT!
LOOKS LIKE
THE GREATEST OCEAN DUELIST
IN THE SEVEN SEAS
IS ALL WASHED UP!
[GRUNTING]
NEVER!
WE'RE ALMOST HOME,
DAD!
Mako's father:
THERE'S A STORM AHEAD!
LOOK OUT! DAD!
[SHOUTS]
Mako:
THERE'S ONE THING I'VE
LEARNED ABOUT THE SEA.
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
ITS STRENGTH!
AND NOW I'LL
PLACE A CARD FACEDOWN!
DEEP BELOW THE SURFACE!
THEN I GUESS IT'S TIME
TO FINISH YOU OFF!
NICE TRY, THOUGH.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE I'LL
BE GOIN' TO THE FINALS
WITH YOUR
TWO LOCATOR CARDS!
JOEY WINS
IF THIS ATTACK WORKS!
LET'S CROSS
OUR FINGERS!
Joey:
ALLIGATOR'S
SWORD DRAGON,
WIPE OUT THE REST
OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
I'M AFRAID THAT
WON'T WORK TWICE!
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE:
TORNADO WALL!
THE OCEAN'S POWER
WILL DEFEND MY LIFE POINTS!
HUH?
HA! MY TRAP CARD
HAS CREATED A TYPHOON,
FORMING GIANT
PILLARS OF WATER
THAT WILL BLOCK
EVERY ONE OF YOUR ATTACKS!
NICE TRY, JOEY!
HUH?
[THINKING]
MAKO'S TROPICAL STORM
IS USING ALL THE POWER
OF THE OCEAN AGAINST ME.
SURE, I'M STANDIN'
ON DRY LAND NOW,
BUT WHAT HAPPENS IF HE
RELEASES HIS TORNADOES
AND FLOODS THE ENTIRE
PLAYING FIELD AGAIN?
MY STRATEGY'S SUNK!
Mako: NEVER UNDERESTIMATE
THE POWER OF THE MIGHTY SEA!
Joey: ALL RIGHT, SKIPPER!
CALL OFF THE STORM
AND RELEASE
YOUR TORNADOES!
I CAN TAKE IT!
[GRUNTS]
SO, BRING ON THE FLOOD.
HMM.
Joey: AAH!
THAT WASN'T SO BAD.
REMEMBER,
THE OCEAN'S WATER
STILL CONCEALS
ONE OF MY MONSTERS.
AND NOW, I SACRIFICE
MY HIDDEN BEAST
TO SUMMON
AN EVENGREATERONE!
[THINKING]
NOW, THERE'S AN EVEN
STRONGER MONSTER
LURKIN' DOWN THERE!
HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO FIGHT SOMETHIN'
I CAN'T EVEN SEE?!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
Joey:
WHAT'S DOWN THERE?!
YOU'RE ABOUT TO GET
YOUR ANSWER!
PREPARE TO MEET
MY RAREST MONSTER!
[MOANS]
JUST WHEN YOU
THOUGHT IT WAS SAFE
TO GO BACK
IN THE WATER!
MEET SEA STEALTH TWO,
THE LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
AH!
WELL, I'LL WEAKEN HIM
WITH ENERGY DRAIN!
IT ALLOWS MY DRAGON
TO BLAST YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
DOWN TO ZERO!
NOT WITH THE MIGHTY SEA
ON MY SIDE!
MY DRAGON!
BUT, HE WAS SUPPOSED
TO ZAP YOUR MONSTER!
WHAT'S THE DEAL?!
IT'S SIMPLE.
AS LONG AS THE SEA
COVERS THE PLAYING FIELD,
MY LEGENDARY FISHERMAN
IS PROTECTED FROM
ALL MAGIC CARDS!
NO! IT CAN'T BE!
[LAUGHS]
MY MONSTER IS A LONGTIME
FRIEND OF THE SEA,
AND THE VERY WATERS
IN WHICH IT LIVES
SHIELD IT FROM HARM.
YEAH?! HUH.
WELL, WE'LL JUST
SEE ABOUT THAT!!
I'LL PLACE MYOWN
MYSTERY MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
TO KEEP YOU GUESSING, MAKO.
NOT FOR LONG!
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
ATTACK NOW!
I DON'T THINK HE
HEARD YOU DOWN THERE.
A GOOD FISHERMAN
TAKES HIS TIME.
AAH! HUH?
MY TINY GUARDIAN!
SO, IS SNAPPER-HEAD
GONNA HIDE LIKE
A FRIGHTENED SHRIMP?
MY FISHERMAN IS BRAVE!
HE HAS MORE NERVE
THAN THE MIGHTY WHALE,
MORE STRENGTH THAN THE
GREAT WHITE SHARK.
RISE TO THE SURFACE!
LOOK IN HIS EYES!
WHOA. IT KINDA
LOOKS LIKE YOU!
ONLY A LITTLE OLDER
AND A LITTLE CREEPIER!
HUH. WATCH YOURSELF!
TO ME, THAT CARD
REPRESENTS MY FATHER,
A COURAGEOUS FISHERMAN
WHO LOVES THE SEA
AS MUCH AS I DO...
THE VERY SEA THAT
TOOK HIM FROM ME
WHEN I WAS A CHILD.
Young Mako:
I CAN'T HANG ON!
YOU'LL BE SAFE HERE,
SON, I PROMISE.
DADDY!!!
Mako: THE OCEAN
CAN BE A VIOLENT
AND UNPREDICTABLE FORCE,
AS WELL AS A CALM
AND TRANQUIL ONE.
THE STORM PASSED
AS QUICKLY AS IT ARRIVED,
BUT MY FATHER WAS GONE.
DADDY?
WHERE ARE YOU?
DADDY?!
Mako: I NOTICED THE LIFEBOAT
WAS MISSING FROM OUR SHIP,
SO I KNEW
MY FATHER ESCAPED,
AND I WAITED DAY AFTER DAY
FOR HIM TO RETURN.
I EVEN BUILT A MONUMENT
OVERLOOKING THE SEA
TO GUIDE HIM HOME.
YEARS PASSED,
BUT STILL I WAITED,
WATCHING THE WAVES FOR ANY
GLIMPSE OF MY FATHER.
HE TAUGHT ME
NEVER TO GIVE UP,
NO MATTER HOW HOPELESS
THE SITUATION SEEMS.
RAIN OR SHINE,
I KEPT WATCH,
KNOWING HE HAD TO BE
OUT THERE SOMEWHERE
AND THAT ONE DAY,
THE SEA WOULD
BRING HIM HOME TO ME.
AND THEN IT HAPPENED.
Man: SPECIAL
OVERSEAS DELIVERY
FOR MR. TSUNAM...
AHHHHHH! UNH!
Mako, voice-over:
IT WAS A PACKAGE CONTAINING
A DUEL MONSTERS CARD
AND AN ANONYMOUS NOTE
THAT READ, "DON'T GIVE UP!"
THE CARD IN THE PACKAGE
WAS SEA STEALTH TWO,
A LEGENDARY FISHERMAN,
JUST LIKE MY FATHER.
I WON'T GIVE UP, DAD!
I'LL FIND YOU SOMEDAY!
Mako: SO NOW,
I BATTLE EVERY DUEL
IN THE NAME OF
MY FATHER.
THINKING OF
HIS BRAVERY
GIVES ME STRENGTH
AND DETERMINATION.
AND MY LEGENDARY
FISHERMAN CARD
REMINDS ME
NEVER TO GIVE UP,
NO MATTER HOW HARD
THE STRUGGLE.
AND I CAN PROMISE ALL
OF YOU BY THE SEVEN SEAS,
I WILL NOT
LOSE THIS BATTLE.
MY LEGENDARY FISHERMAN
WILL TAKE ME
STRAIGHT TO THE FINALS.
LET'S GO!
YES. LET'S GET BACK TO
THIS DUEL SO I CAN WIN!
I GOT A LOT OF RESPECT
FOR YOU, MAKO,
BUT I'M THE ONE
GOIN' TO THE FINALS,
AND I'M GONNA FILLET
ALL YOUR FISH
TO GET THERE!
THEN GO AHEAD
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE,
LITTLE MINNOW!
I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND THEN I'LL
SUMMON A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU'VE GOT.
MY OCEAN ASSAULT
SHALL CONTINUE.
SO, PREPARE
FOR THE WORST,
FOR THIS NEXT MONSTER
CAN'T BE STOPPED!
NOW, I'LL PLAY THIS!
MY FORTRESS WHALE'S
OATH CARD!
I'LL USE THIS MAGIC CARD
AND SACRIFICE TWO MONSTERS...
SO I CAN
BRING FORTHTHIS!
ARISE,
MY FORTRESS WHALE!
WHOA!
WHAT'S THAT THING?!
THE MOST POWERFUL
CREATURE IN MY DECK,
CAPABLE OF CRUSHING YOU
WITH A SINGLE SWIPE!
Yami-Bakura:
WHAT DO I NEED
TO DO FORYOU
IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THE
MILLENNIUM ITEMS, MARIK?
IT'S QUITE SIMPLE,
ACTUALLY.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M LISTENING.
WELL, FIRST,
ANSWER ME THIS...
HOW STRONG ARE
YOUR DUELING SKILLS?
THEY'RE
EXTREMELY STRONG!
EXCELLENT.
YOU SHOULD KNOW,
I'VE DUELED IN
SEVERAL SHADOW GAMES
THROUGHOUT HISTORY.
SURPRISED?
I'M NOT.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW.
I'VE RETURNED FOR
THE SOLE PURPOSE
OF OBTAINING THE
SEVEN MILLENNIUM ITEMS
AND THE POWER
THEY POSSESS.
NOW, I'LL ASK YOU
ONCE AGAIN,
WHAT DO YOU
WANT FROMME?
I'M GOING TO NEED YOU
TO DUEL ON MY BEHALF.
THEN I'LL DELIVER
THE ITEMS TO YOU.
I'LL DUEL WHOMEVER
YOU WANT ME TO,
PROVIDED I RECEIVE MY
PAYMENT ONCE I'M DONE.
BUT TELL ME,
JUST WHAT IS IT
YOU EXPECT TO GAIN
FROM THIS BATTLE I DUEL
FOR YOU, MARIK?
I TOLD YOU.
I'M A COLLECTOR
LIKE YOU.
WIN ME THE CARDS I WANT,
AND THE ITEMS ARE YOURS.
THAT'S A WHALE
OF A MONSTER
RIGHT THERE, FOLKS!
Mako:
AND THE OCEAN FIELD
GIVES IT EVEN MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
I THINK I MAY BE IN
OVER MY HEAD HERE!
I MUST AGREE!
FOR STARTERS,
I'M GOING TO DESTROY
YOUR DEFENSE MONSTER.
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN,
ATTACK!
HUH?
NOW THAT YOU HAVE
NO MONSTERS ON THE FIELD...
FORTRESS WHALE, ATTACK HIS
LIFE-POINTS DIRECTLY!
AAH!
OH, NO!
Both:
HIS LIFE POINTS!
Man: WHEELER'S
ALMOST FINISHED!
Woman:
COME ON, JOEY!
YOU CAN DO IT!
THIS DUEL
ISN'T OVER YET!
YOU'RE ONE STEP AWAY
FROM THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS, JOEY!
Mako: YOUR LIFE-POINTS
ARE ALMOST DEPLETED.
ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND YOU'RE SUNK!
[THINKING]
IF I'M GONNA GET
OUTTA THIS MESS,
I GOTTA SUMMON A MONSTER
AND ATTACK HIM.
BUT, HIS WHALE'S
TOO POWERFUL,
AND IN ORDER TO ATTACK
HIS FISHERMAN,
I'D HAVE TO
FINDIT FIRST!
COME ON, JOEY!
THERE'S STILL TIME TO
TURN THIS DUEL AROUND!
JUST BELIEVE
IN YOURSELF!
LOOK! SEE THOSE
TWO SHADOWS?
HM?
ONE OF THEM HAS
GOTTA BE THE FISHERMAN
THAT MAKO HID
UNDER THE WATER!
MAKE YOUR MOVE, JOEY,
SO I CAN END THIS DUEL!
WITH MY FORTRESS WHALE
ABOVE
AND MY LEGENDARY FISHERMAN
HIDDEN BELOW,
YOU'RE FINISHED!
HUH?
AAH! HUH?
[THINKING]
THE AQUARIUM'S
KILLER WHALE!
IF HE'S OVER THERE,
THEN THE OTHER SHADOW
UNDERWATER
MUST BE MAKO'S
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
I FOUND HIM!
NOW, I JUST NEED
THE RIGHT CARD
SO I CAN
DESTROY HIM!
HMM,
LET'S SEE HERE.
I GOT TWO MAGIC CARDS,
ONE MONSTER CARD,
AND ONE TRAP CARD,
PLUS ONE CARD FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD.
IT'S NOT GONNA BE EASY,
BUT I THINK I KNOW
HOW TO DESTROY
BOTH HIS MONSTERS.
I'LL PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD.
THEN, I'LL SUMMON
MY PANTHER WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
SINCE PANTHER WARRIOR
NEEDS A SACRIFICE
IN ORDER TO ATTACK,
I GOTTA END MY TURN.
GO AHEAD, CRAB-CAKE!
AS SOON AS MY
FORTRESS WHALE ATTACKS,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
WILL GO DOWN TO ZERO!
PREPARE TO BE CAPSIZED
BY MY ALMIGHTY BEHEMOTH!!
TIME TO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS!
ATTACK, MY WHALE!
Joey: NOT QUITE.
I GOT A PLAN TO TURN
BOTH YOUR MONSTERS
INTO FISH STICKS!
SO, I'LL ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD NOW!
MAGIC ARM SHIELD!
ATTACH TO
PANTHER WARRIOR!
AND NOW, IT'S TIME
TO GO FISHING!
AND I KNOW JUST
WHERE TO FIND THE
CATCH OF THE DAY!
Crowd: WHOA!
Joey: NOW IT'S TIME
TO REEL HIM IN
AND USE HIM AS A SHIELD
AGAINSTYOURATTACK!!
NO!
MY LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
IDON'T HAVE TO
DESTROY HIM,
'CAUSEYOURWHALE'S
ABOUT TO DO THAT FOR ME!
IT CAN'T BE!
DADDY, LOOK OUT!
AAH!
[SIGHS]
I DESTROYED MY OWN
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN,
THE MOST PRIZED CARD
IN MY ENTIRE DUELING DECK.
HOW COULD I BE
SO CARELESS
TO LET SOMETHING
LIKE THIS HAPPEN?
HEY,
IT'S JUST A CARD.
IT'S MORE
THAN JUST A CARD.
I NEED MY
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN
IN ORDER TO BE BRAVE.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
YOU'RE ONE OF THE
BRAVEST GUYS I KNOW.
YOU GOTTA
GIVE YOURSELF
A LOT MORE CREDIT
THANTHAT, MAKO.
IT'S NOT THAT EASY,
JOEY,
BECAUSE THAT CARD
REMINDS ME OF MY FATHER
AND WHAT A COURAGEOUS
MANHEIS.
MAKO...
IT'S MY FAULT.
I CRUSHED MYINSPIRATION.
YOU'RE WRONG.
YOU DON'TNEED
THAT CARD.
HMM?
YOU'VE ALREADY
GOT WHAT YOU NEED.
IT'S BEENINSIDEYOU
THIS WHOLE TIME,
AND YOU DON'T NEED A CARD
WITH A PICTURE OF SOME
FREAKY-LOOKIN' FISHERMAN
SITTIN' ON A SHARK
TO INSPIRE YA.
DO YOU HEAR
WHAT I'M SAYING?
BACK OFF!
LOOK, MAN, WHAT I'M
TRYIN' TO SAY
IS THAT YOU CAN BE
INSPIRED BY YOUR FATHER
WITHOUTTHAT CARD.
THERE'S SOMETHING
INSIDE EVERY DUELIST
THAT DRIVES THEM.
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW,
JOEY?
I KNOW...
BECAUSE I DUEL FOR MY
LITTLE SISTER SERENITY
JUST THE SAME WAY THAT
YOU DUEL FOR YOUR DAD.
AND SHE INSPIRES ME
EVEN WHEN SHE'S NOT
RIGHT NEXT TO ME.
SO, DON'T BE
SO HARD ON YOURSELF
FOR DESTROYIN' YOUR
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN.
YOUR MEMORIES
OF YOUR DAD,
AND YOUR COURAGE,
ARE IN YOUR HEART,
NOT IN THAT CARD,
AND NOTHING
CAN TAKE THAT AWAY.
SO, LET'S GET BACK
TO THIS DUEL ALREADY!!
YES,
AND IT'S MY ATTACK!
FORTRESS WHALE, TAKE OUT HIS
PANTHER WARRIOR FOR GOOD!
I'M GONNA
HAVE TO STOP YA.
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
KUNAI WITH CHAIN!
THIS CARD STOPS YOUR
WHALE FROM ATTACKING
AND RAISES
MY PANTHER WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 500!
Mako: BUT I'M AFRAID MY WHALE
IS STILL STRONGER!
AND YOUR POINT IS?
PANTHER WARRIOR,
ATTACK HIS WHALE NOW!
[GROWLING]
IT CAN'T!
Crowd: OOH!
I ALREADY TOLD YOU
THAT MY FORTRESS WHALE
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR PANTHER WARRIOR,
EVEN WITH
ITS POWER BOOST!
SO I'M AFRAID YOUR MONSTER'S
BEEN DESTROYED!
IT'S TRUE
MY PANTHER WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARESLIGHTLYLOWER
THAN YOUR WHALE'S,
BUT YOU'RE
FORGETTIN' ONE THING...
THIS LITTLE FACEDOWN
CARD OVER HERE!
WHAT ABOUT IT?
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED!
IT'S GOT JUST THE POWER BOOST
THAT MY MONSTER NEEDS!
LIGHTNING BLADE'S
ELECTRICAL JOLT
RAISES MY PANTHER'S
ATTACK POINTS
BY 800!
WHICH MEANS YOUR
WHALE'S GOING DOWN!
HE DID IT!
JO-EY!
Joey:
AND THERE GO MOST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
ANY LAST WORDS?
YES, SIX.
THIS DUEL
IS NOT OVER YET!
HMM?
SO I'LL PLAY THIS:
RETURN OF THE DOOMED!
IT BRINGSBACK
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
AND HIDES IT
UNDERWATER!
THAT'S... NOT GOOD.
OH, NO!
ONE OF MAKO'S MONSTERS
IS BACK AGAIN!
COME ON NOW, JOEY!
ALL RIGHT, MAKO.
HERE GOES...
[THINKING]
GIANT TRUNADE.
THIS CARD SENDS ALL
MAGIC AND TRAP CARDS
BACK TO
THE PLAYERS' HANDS
AND OFF THE FIELD.
SO ICOULDUSE IT
TO DRY UP MAKO'S OCEAN
AND EXPOSE
WHATEVER MONSTER
HE BROUGHT BACK
FROM HIS GRAVEYARD.
BUT, WHAT IF MY
PANTHER WARRIOR
CAN'TDEFEAT
WHATEVER'S HIDIN'
DOWN THERE?
WHAT ON EARTH ARE
YOU WAITING FOR?
HURRY UP AND MAKE YOUR MOVE,
SO MY CREATURE OF THE DEEP
CAN STRIKE
AND END THIS DUEL.
[THINKING]
WAIT! WHEN MAKO COVERED
THE FIELD IN OCEAN WATER,
IT GAVE
HIS SEA MONSTERS
A POWER BOOST.
BUT IF I
DRY THINGS UP,
IT'LLLOWER
HIS HIDDEN MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
HUH. ACTIVATE
GIANT TRUNADE!
DRAIN THE SEA!
IT WORKED!
YOU'VE EXPOSED
MY FISHERMAN.
[SNIFFS]
IT'S ALL OVER NOW.
JUST FINISH HIM OFF!
IT'S BEEN AN HONOR
TO DUEL YOU, MAKO.
NOW, I PLAY SCAPEGOAT.
AND I SACRIFICE ONE OF 'EM SO
MY PANTHER WARRIOR CAN ATTACK!
[THINKING]
I'LL NEVER GIVE UP, FATHER.
[SNIFFLING]
Joey:
YOU ALL RIGHT, MAKO?
YES. THAT WAS
AN EXCELLENT DUEL.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU.
HERE ARE
MY TWO RAREST CARDS...
HUH?
AND TWO LOCATOR CARDS.
HOLD ON.
YOU DON'T NEED TO GIVE ME
YOUR FISHERMAN CARD.
YES, I DO.
YOU EARNED THESE CARDS.
BESIDES,
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I DON'T NEED A CARD
TO REMEMBER MY DAD.
HUH?
HIS COURAGE AND SUPPORT
ARE ALWAYS WITH ME
INSIDE MY HEART.
THAT'SRIGHT.
THANK YOU.
AND DON'T WORRY.
I'LL TREAT IT
WITH RESPECT.
YOU'D BETTER.
AND BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FINALS.
THANKS.
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT, MAKO!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Man: MR. KAIBA,
JOEY WHEELER'S DUEL DISK
WAS TRACED TO SECTOR 0-7-5.
GOOD WORK.
OUR SATELLITE
TRACKING SYSTEM
FOUND YOUR FRIENDS,
YUGI.
WELL, THEN,
WHERE IS HE?
HEY, NOT SO FAST.
I'LL TELL YOU EXACTLY
WHAT YOU WANT TO KNOW...
THAT IS, IF YOU AGREE
TO DUEL ME AS SOON
AS WE FIND THEM.
THAT'S ENOUGH!
THIS IS NOT A GAME, KAIBA!
MY FRIENDS ARE IN JEOPARDY,
AND THEY NEED MY HELP!
A MADMAN IS AFTER THEM!
AND IALREADY
ACCEPTED YOUR CHALLENGE,
SO YOU WILL
GET YOUR DUEL,
AS SOON AS I
KNOW MY FRIENDS
ARE SAFE FROM HARM.
WELL, IF THAT'S
THE CASE,
THEN I THINK
YOU HAD BETTER
FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW!
Yami-Yugi: I HOPE THAT
WE'RE NOT TOO LATE!
[MARIK LAUGHING]
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH
IS KING OF GAMES ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪♪